Produce consume tutorial in scala (#459)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/produce-consume-lang/scala/markup/dev/5_1-produce-example.adoc

> To be as interactive as possible le tutorial suggest to type books properties in form of a CSV line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make producing records easy, the producer application can accept book data in the form of a CSV line.
```

We can create a book by starting the Produce app:

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="bash">./sbtx "-Djline.terminal=none" --error produce</code></pre>
+++++

> And then typing the book to the standard entry (type "exit" to stop the program)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And then typing the book data at the prompt (type "exit" to stop the program)
```

+++++

> <pre class="snippet"><code class="bash">produce-a-book> Loic D.,How to sharpen a knife,Other,10,2020-06-09</code></pre>

Reviewer 2: Remove the prompt in the command

```suggestion
<pre class="snippet"><code class="bash"> Loic D.,How to sharpen a knife,Other,10,2020-06-09</code></pre>
```
